This readme file contains information about the changes made to the xv6
source code during the implementation of the Kthreads. The following files were
edited/created during the implementation

1.  defs.h - This file was modified by adding the function prototype for the system calls
    to be implemented i.e. clone() and join()

2.  syscall.h - the syscall numbers for the clone() and join() syscalls were added to this
    file.

3.  syscall.c - both syscalls were added to syscalls array, and were also declared as extern.

4.  usys.S - this file was modified by adding method declaration for both system calls

5.  proc.c - this file was modified by including the implementation for both clone and join
    syscalls. Also, the wait() function was updated to only wait for child process and not
    threads. The exit() function was updated to clear the parent value of a thread to avoid
    problem in wait function. Finally, the growproc() function was modified to increase the
    thread size to the new size.

6.  sysproc.c - modifications in this file include the creation of wrapper functions sys_clone()
    and sys_join() for the system calls. Both functions confirm that right arguments were passed
    in and also call the syscalls.

7.  kthreads.h - This is the header file created for the kthreads. It contains structures and
    function prototypes for the thread functions.

8.  ulib.c - this file was updated to include the implementation of the kernel thread library
    as well as the lock implementation. The memory allocator was moved to the bottom of the file
    to eliminate some dependency issues.

9.  teststack.c - this file contains the test case that checks if the stack was setup correctly

10. testmore.c - this file contains test cases that checks for separation of concerns between
    fork() and clone(), as well as wait() and join().

11. testfdscriptor - this file contains the test case that checks if clone copies file descriptors
    but does not share created ones with parent.
